
Alumni About

GPERI Alumni Connect

GPERI Alumni Connect allows you to both re-connect with old classmates as well as enabling you to utilize the trusted GPERI environment to expand your professional network.
By fully integrating with social networks, and cultivating a culture of helping and giving back, you will be amazed how vibrant your GPERI community is!

Connect: Re-connect with old classmates and GPERI faculty members.

Network: Leverage your professional network to get introduced to people you should know.

Grow: Advance your career through inside and outside connections of GPERI-T&P Cell.

Contribute:
There are number of ways that you can support us – you can donate your kinds of time, energy and money. You can also share your valuable time for constructive activities of GPERI, participate in our programs and also donate money, books, software, subscription, equipment to GPERI. We will acknowledge your contribution.

GPERI Alumni Connect Services

The Alumni Association gives you the additional opportunity to access a number of benefits and services GPERI. Following our recent alumni survey, we have taken your views on board. Most importantly, we look forward to bringing you further opportunities as we grow our activities.

Request a Transcript

    From time to time you may need to provide confirmation of your degree. We offer a service to confirm your qualification and give you a transcript to qualify your degree.
    Please allow time for our Student Records Office to source this information.
    Complete our online enquiry form below to request a transcript.


Trace a Friend

    Even in the age of social media, sometimes we just lose touch with people from our college days. The Alumni Connect offers a service, particularly for those looking to organise reunions, to trace friends who are registered with us.
    We can contact alumni on your behalf to see if they would like to be in touch with you and we are committed to privacy at all times.Please submit your 'Trace a Friend' request on alumni@gperi.ac.in and we will confirm the process with you.

