Star Alumni – Give Back to GPERI

One of our ambitions is to increase opportunity for GPERI students in today’s competitive graduate jobs market. These bright young things face significant challenges and barriers in securing their dream job and the Alumni Association gives you the ability to play a part in helping them on the first steps of their career.
We are now recruiting 'Star Alumni' to give back their knowledge, advice and expertise to support fellow alumni and current students of the college.
No matter how much time you have to offer, there are lots of ways you can stay involved and help to make a difference!
Here are some of the ways you can give back to the GPERI:

    Attend Various Events
    Give a Careers Talk or Lead a Group Mentoring session
    Impart Entrepreneurial Knowledge
    Engage with the GPERI Alumni Network
    Placements and Work Experience
    Recommend GPERI students for internship/ Training in your company
    Give Donation to our Institute in many different ways


You’re Career
At GPERI our relationship with you doesn't end at graduation. From finding your next job to getting into further study, to offering you practical and emotional support in taking your first steps to start your own business, we are here to help you. GPERI graduates can access our T&P Cell services for up to three years after graduation. So, we can keep you posted on career opportunities and how to apply.

Library Membership: Alumni Membership of GPERI Library is now free and open to all graduates.

Benefits include:

    Visits to all our libraries and use of our learning spaces throughout staffed opening hours
    The borrowing of up to TWO books at any one time from our collections
    In-library access to a range of collections online eg e-journals. (The e-resources that may be accessed by guests to the library are defined by the publisher licensing regulations. For further information regarding the resources that are currently available please ask library staff)
    Reference access to all library collections
    Use of our PCs, printing and copying services.
